very good Hello everyone I am sp 26 and
welcome to this new tutorial in the
I want to show you how to create or do
the best effects or filters for
your photographs these filters or
effects are therefore similar to those
we could get on the page
instagram that the truth that remain
pretty good and I think they give it a
touch the photos well enough
interesting and quite beautiful and good
a lot of people, it's pretty
difficult to achieve these effects in
photoshop I think that as photoshop is
a tool that is complex worth
you need to have knowledge about
her to know how to handle a bit of everything
theme of the layers and so on and good
I understand that people find it
complicated then what are we going to bring
in this tutorial is a tool
totally free with which we
we will be able to apply them to our
photos a filters effects totally
incredible and that without a doubt
are equal or better than those
we can get in instagram worth good
has said all this let's proceed with
the tutorial and as always the link
download the official page will be on
the description of the video so you go to
the description and it will send you to this
page in question agreement as you see
we have the name of the software that is
vintage and good below we have
a brief description of what is the
program it as you see this is what
make the graphical interface of said
software is very intuitive and very easy
the program comes English but I'm going to
explain more or less so that you see
that really is very easy to apply
all the effects that we have
available is good as you see we have
different photos that we can see
shows the effects that are going to
applying and to download it we give in
download vintage is worth simply
We click here and automatically
discharge weighs 15 megabytes is quite not
occupies much the truth and well then
we can get pretty results
good then once downloaded what
what we are going to do is click on the
installer we say that we execute it
let's go that if we're going to minimize this
so that it does not get in the way and as you see
We can select only in German and
Chinese in English we are obviously going to
stay with English we give in ok a
Once done this we give in following
how the assistant of
installation of the 2014 version and you
We give in nets accept the agreement of
license we give you in nets here we could
introduce our own name in this
case I'm going to leave it as admin we give
in net to proceed and here what
let's do is select where
I usually always want to install
been the things in the same place as
as you well know to have them well
located then we place it in the
hard drive where we want to install and
we give in ok to continue with the
installation we give in neds tells us
that will occupy about 27 7 megabytes
and we give Danish to continue
We say that net and will create an icon
on the desk to open it good
let's let you create icons
of the desk for good to have it
located and if you already know where
so you do not have to trace
no icon on the desktop
we give in net and install to finalize
As you can see, the installation is quite
fast pretty simple here opens us
again the page and well we mark the
popcorn to launch the program and
finish is there we have it perfect
good as you see we are already in the
graphic interface of this software will
you will see that it is very easy to load
images edit them apply them
filters is a very fast way and
simple that with which I believe that
that we can get good
results with the photos so we're going to
we can introduce an image of the
next way we give here click and
open we would do what is the folder
where we have available the
images in this case I have it here
it's from this photo of the bridge of san
francisco and to introduce it only
he gives it to us and we select it
with the mouse and we introduce it inside
of the work area of the software is worth
as you see here we have it and the only thing
we can do good the only thing we can
do several things but watch for
explain what are really
interesting and that we are interested
to us are these although they are so
where does he put company where are the
different tonalities and filters that
we can apply to the
photography as you see we have
quite a lot of them and well as I say they are
very similar to those that appear in
instagram is worth as you see they are pretty
similar I like this a lot
as I said before very similar to the
that appear in Instagram and we get
results then
very similar clear very similar and
well we can apply different things
as they are the file that would be what they are
the shadows are these that we can put to
in the photo we have them
ok let's put this we can
put a frame we can choose between 7
different frames
and we have them we can select what
it is an area of the photo simply
we make a rectangle in the image and
there we would have it to go back to
back we give in reset and there what
we would have again as it was at
Obviously we can start
defeat her by clicking on this
tool here we can apply
contrast and brightness in this other we have
here this menu is worth with which we
we will be able
and go moving through the different
options that are available in this
software and you can see what good
we apply the contrast or we do not apply it
well we can add more or less
contrast more or less brightness
evidently
to our taste everything here we can
set the image size height
and width we can enter the pixels
that we want to keep the
image is very simple what we are going to
do is give upl and agree
we say yes
and he tells us that he has finished reading
in ok and we would have it here san
francisco copy 1 and this would be the origin
the original is worth this would be what we have
used to apply the filters
and this one that we have edited with this
software as you see we get
results that are pretty good and that
Without a doubt, I hope that you
like not with this I'm going to fire
but simply that this tutorial
I liked most of all that I have
served and if so, leave a like a
Comment and subscribe to the channel with
I'm going to say goodbye to all of you
and chao